Hello friends, I am Keshav Sharma, I welcome you. If you are
running a policy of our company or any other company
whose sum shot is low, we
can increase their sum shot through this plan. The
premium is very low. I
request you to watch this video till the end.
If you like my video,
please like, subscribe and
share it so that all my upcoming
videos can reach you. First of all,
we will talk about its unique features, about
its basic features,
about its add-ons, about its waiting period, about
its discounts.
Know about its features. First of all, let
us talk about its unique features, the
most unique feature in it is
GDR. GDR means Guarantee
Detectable Reduction. First, let me
tell you the meaning of detachable that
detachable is your old
policy which is running like 3 lakh or 5 lakh.
If you choose to delete only 5 lakh, then first of all
your ₹ lakh will be
deducted from the old policy which you have
left the sum of this policy like 10 lakh.
Whatever your hospital bill comes after 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 5 lakh,
it will be deducted from this bill. It will be
deducted from this plan.
GDR means that if you
make a detachable choice of 10 lakh, then it will keep
reducing by 50 at the time of every renewal according to 10 lakh. If you have made a
detachable choice of 10 lakh, then next
year your bill will become 9 lakh, the next year it will become
8 lakh, the next year it will become 7 lakh, 6
lakh and 5 lakh, that is, this bill can reduce till 50.
Next is the behavior of detectable
bill. I can tell you the meaning of this inbuilt feature by of detectable.
Whatever you take, if
you take this plan, if you
take this policy below 50 years, you
can run this policy for 4 years or 5 years. When
you reach the age of 55 to 65 years, then
you can convert this plan into your base policy.
Next, the entry
age in this is the entry age in this.  No age limit,
in this any person of any age
can take this plan, 50 years, 55 years,
60 years, 70 years, 75 years, 80 years, 90 years,
we can take this plan of any age,
next is Samso Samo, in this we can give this policy to the
dependents who are children from 91 days to 30 years of age, next
is Samso Samo, in this we
can take 10 lakhs, 15 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 25
lakhs, 45 lakhs, 50 lakhs, 80 lakhs, 85 lakhs,
1 crore,
3 crores, 4 crores up to 90 lakhs,
next term is Detectable
Detectable 3 lakhs, 4 lakhs, 5 lakhs, 75 lakhs, 10 lakhs,
15 lakhs, 20 lakhs,
that is, you can take Detectable from 3 lakhs to 20 lakhs,
this is the meaning of Detectable  That
your old policy is of 3 lakhs, for example, if
we have chosen a debit of 3 lakhs in this, then
first your ₹ lakh will be deducted from the policy,
after that whatever bill comes, whatever sum
you have chosen, then after that you will
get your money from this bill. Next, in this
room, you will get a single stand AC room in it,
you will get the full cost on actual basis. Next is day care
treatment up to sum.
Tell me the meaning of day treatment, whatever small
operations we have, like cuts, you get discharged after two hours, then
whatever sum you have paid for that too, you will get the
full cost. Next is pre-
hospitalization 90 days. Let me
tell you the meaning of pre-hospitalization is that
whatever treatment you get done
from a nearby doctor before getting admitted, whatever is your
medicine expense, you will also get it on
actual basis. Next is post-ligation
180 days. Meaning of post-ligation, I will tell you
that
whatever medicine you take for 180 days after discharge, you will
get the full cost of that too on actual basis. Next is in-
patient AYUSH hospitalization up to sum.
You will get the full cost of the shot as well. Be it
homeopathy, Unani, Siddha, whatever
treatment you get in it, you will get the full
cost of it. Next, in this, road ambulance,
up to sum road ambulance, that means taking you from home to
hospital or from some other place to hospital,
that too will be the
cost of shot. Next is donor expense,
up to sum, let me tell you the meaning of donor expense.
If there is any person
who
transfers any part of his body, like if I transfer kidney to any
other person, then
you will get the full cost of that only.
Next, domis hospital, up to sum
resort, I will tell you the meaning of domis hospital. If
you have three days, if your health is
very bad, if your condition is such that
we cannot take you to the hospital, if the
doctor tells you that it will be treated
at home, then you will
get the full cost of that as well. Next is biotic surgery. Let
me tell you the meaning of biotic surgery.
If any obese person who wants to
reduce his weight, then you will get the
cost of that also.  Sum assured is complete, next
in this you will get expenses up to Rs 5 lakh for single mother and OT,
next in this you will get
waiver and detachable,
I will tell you the meaning of waiver detachable, this is a very unique
feature, in this
if you buy this policy for below 50 years of age,
you run this plan for four or five years,
when your age will be 55 to 65 years,
then you can get this policy converted into your base policy,
next in this there is
home care treatment cover, in this you will get
expenses of Rs lakh, next in this we will talk about
add-ons, add-on means that by
paying a little extra premium we can
get some different facility in it, the
next add-on facility in this is Jam
Start, it is a very unique feature Jam Start,
Jam Start means whatever is our
old assistant disease, PED, like
asthma, diabetes,
hypertension, hypermedia, obesity,
these five diseases, if you take add-on of Jam Start, then
you can get cover for these five diseases.
You can get treatment from the first day of treatment,
whereas in other companies, there is a
waiting period of 3 years for these
diseases. Next, there is B-Fid B-
Fid OPD cover, which means that in this, whoever our
pharmacy, doctor, or
physiotherapy is,
we could also avail the facility of this through mobile app.
Next, in this, Claim Protector Claim
Product means that like
our mask, which is a cotton, which is a non-pebble
item, you will
get the entire expense covered under it through this add-on. Next, there is
Inflation Protector. Inflation
Protector means that as your sum
increases every year, your sum
shot will also keep increasing under it.
Next, there is Air Ambulance.
You will get sum shot in Air Ambulance, which means if you have to go from one state to
another state for treatment, then you can
also get the expenses of air ambulance covered
under it. Next, there is
Durable Medical Equipment Cover. Durable
Equipment Medical Cover means that
if your doctor informs you that this
person needs a wheelchair, then you will get that too.
Expenses up to ₹ lakh will be available in this.
Next, waiting period reduction can also be done,
for example, if there is a waiting period of 2 years, then
we can get it reduced to one year.
Next, specific illness waiting period
reduction can also be done within 2 years to one year.
Next is nursing allowance.
Nursing allowance means that
if you are discharged and you
need a nurse, then you will get expenses of Rs. 2000 per day i.e. for 10 days
also if the
doctor recommends you. Next is
comp visit. Let me explain the meaning of comp visit in this,
if you are
undergoing treatment in some other state, if any of
your family members comes to you there in emergency, then
you will also
get expenses up to Rs. 000 under this. Next,
health checkup cover in this is up to 0.5 up to sum of Rs.
000 or you can get health checkup done every year for Rs. 000
on taking this addon. Next
is dependent accommodation in this, which is Rs. 000 per day for
your patient.  000 per
day for a maximum of 10 days.
You will get money in this also. Next is the
guaranteed deductible reduction in this. 10 per cent of
renewal will go up to a maximum of 50 per cent. As
I have told you that if you have
taken a deductible of 10 lakhs from the old base policy of 10
lakhs, now you can get that deductible reduced in this by
50 per cent. Every year your deduction will be
reduced by 10 per cent. If you have taken a deductible of 10 lakhs, then it will become ₹ lakhs
next year. Next year it will be 8 lakhs,
then 7 lakhs, then 6 lakhs, then 5
lakhs. The deduction will be reduced by 5 lakhs. This is a very unique
feature. Next in this is tele
consultation unlimited. You can do tele consultation through
audio or through mobile app or you
can consult with the doctor online
as you wish. Unlimited. Next
in this, room modification is available. You are getting
single stay room in this.
You
can also give your duplex room for this addition or you
can also get it upgraded.  Or you can also get it downgraded.
Next, in this we will talk
about the waiting period. The
initial waiting period in this is 30 days.
Like in every company, there will be
no treatment for 30 days.
You can get treatment from the 31st day only. Next, in this,
accident is covered from day one itself.
If you take your policy today and an
accident happens today, then
it will be treated from day one itself. Next, the
waiting period for PD (Pre-existing Disease) is
3 years. Next, the
waiting period for specific disease is
2 years. You can also get this waiting period made
one year instead of 2 years on taking add-on.
Next, in this, the waiting period for biological surgery is
2 years.
We will talk about some discounts in this, the first discount is also available. The
first discount is Wellnet discount.
If you use any cell tech care app in this,
you have some facilities in it.
If you do any activity, some
points and count in it, then at the time of renewal  You will
get a discount of 30% Next is NRI
discount You will
get a discount of up to 25% Next is civil
discount If your CIBIL is good then
you will get a CIBIL discount of 15%
Next is PPL
network discount 100% on premium If you get
treatment done in ICICI Lombard's network hospital
then you will get a discount of 10% on your premium as well Next
is unlimited discount 2.5%
If you have to get the policy renewed
30 days before the policy renewal If there is a waiting period of 30 days
If you are getting the policy renewed before that then
you will get a discount of 2.5% on its premium as well
Next is long term discount
If you take a 3 year policy then
you will get a discount of 15% on that as well
Four types of zones are given in this Zone A, Zone B, Zone C, Zone D
Your premium will be based on that The
premium for Zone A will be different The
premium for Zone B will be different The premium
for Zone C will be different If
you like this plan If you want to
take this plan  You can call me on my number
11415, this is my number. You can send me the details of your
entire family members' ages etc.
You can also mail me
at kesh1373@gmail.com. Hello.